well welcome welcome to your mom's house
with Christina the shits
- you're speaking of foreign accents how
I'm not the actually this is a reporter
as a master of actions I really
appreciate this this reporter is
interviewing some soccer hooligans after
an arsenal match soccer hooligans are so
silly they're so they're so fucking
gangster with how much they love their
yeah there's soccer let's see what we
can hooligans see if you ruffians what
these ruffians are up to here we go
also fan to be really disappointing
today yet again I mean I'm saying it to
everybody just like I've seen it over
and over and over again that sort of
performance that I saw today where we've
had nearly all the game it's on my sites
as a training rain right
not taking shots on guys normal
obviously yeah but then me Saudi so he
may be good it's the same ting blood
every week blood every week fun every
week blood just blood and fam I love it
I didn't know that fam was international
I thought that was totally us thing Sam
I'm not him I don't even know that Jesus
you're so white fam yeah well as in
family yeah fam yeah but no but you hear
it more here I'm saying never heard it
here never heard that no do you have any
friends of color
no I'm saying forgive me the defense
blood the defense is dead flood what
spo2 in blood
he has no eat while I was she doing he's
a side man fun he sits on the bench he's
doing nothing blood you know someone
yeah no I'm tired I never heard that
really now never fam like good to see
you fam nothing like that no no no did
you think fam nothing like that I mean I
don't say it would sound absurd but I've
heard it a lot people have said it to me
Steve Wilkos probably says she will go
says it all the time we're coming to fam
you will be there yeah no I don't know
that fatty Holly's number too involved
in the team blood tiger fans Fergie Wow
Fergie okay Dennis I want at you faggy
he's number two involved in stream blood
wave woman has he got blah
you see the defense Pam what I love how
interchangeable is he goes blood fans
blood fan
blood fam fan fan fan blood has he got
blood blood DC the boss blood do you see
the girl blood oh yeah he's our July's a
donor
I'll show you guys a boner yeah a donor
two minutes after dust or two minutes
after that yeah I don't know who he took
out but you took out a man in the same
position blood that's so British to to
end a sentence with you yeah yeah oh
yeah
blood why don't we pick that
affectations only get picked up here
that me I'm speaking um I think I'd do
it sometimes
well yeah is essentially you know what I
mean you know going yeah yeah yeah
that's totally yeah yeah is yeah is you
know saying Hungarians do that don't ya
yeah yeah say yeah in in Peru
my cousin same among us what's that mean
that's the slang for do you follow me
kill me yeah man Yes Man yes yes hello
my you got a key man
my nigga Nene - Lisa's ki nahi balki
like a Tina Fey
well they have a lisp to know that that
do me if mine yes I just realized I do
have a oh my god dad that a dad had a
mouse this whole time that has a mouse
for the other but that's for this one
god damn it
so wait dad can you use that for this
one too I mean the mises yeah we should
probably get another one right yeah yeah
they should each other yeah it needs a
mouse for every computer you know but
we're always saying that looked to me
like a terrible go peek America go keep
an arrow yeah you said it was just like
the first game in the season blood
it's his near post fuck I wanna be a
Indian post-flood understand every
finish and then he did you understand
innocent blood
yeah fam chemist and blood yeah fam you
understand yeah but look how bummed this
guy is so he can't even bring himself to
for words he's a so bummed that he
doesn't get to talk yeah I think that's
what he's like wonder if he'll ask me
he's like the whole time he's like will
he ask me a question you think I think
so but then this guy also knows that
this guy is great for yeah be blood this
guy's I could listen to them talk all
day yeah no blood in a stand plan a man
just said gave his a confidence ring
blood like I said in my interview before
motivation blood
is not more not doing now walk again
look I get more chicken blood walk walk
again
what's the dumpling I so fun is he going
black was she doing robot come on for
five minutes but what did he do black
epochal what's the point blood loss this
is getting tagged why he's terrible what
are you doing in the port blood becoming
for five minutes but what did he do
blood Paco what's the point back off
what's this man doing phone what are you
doing in the border sir what did it no
more of a get blood they're not doing
now walk again look I get more chicken
blood Arab Oh what's he doing very well
where's that becoming funny come on for
five minutes but what did he do blood
Paco what's the point brocco what's this
man doing fun what are you doing in the
port brush Jesus Christ guys amazed yeah
I love it I love soccer hooligans now
and please you're like you know I can't
take it anymore I just want to hear the
best of what this guy's got well we got
that oh good blood blood blood pump
blood blood blood blood blood blood yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah blood blood blood
blood innocent blood blah blah blah blah
blah blah blah blah right a fun blood
flow blood blood blood blah blah blah it
has to stop fun in a stamp like blood
blood blood blood blood blood blood
oh shit oh man that's good good work
blue bin really good job that's really
good blah-blah-blah-blah-blah
Oh so soccer hooligans are like the
British version of like our football
some lunatics I'm not like paint there I
think there's definitely crazier their
data crew they're crazy they riot and
they don't know people of yeah there's
her she's yeah yeah but they're way more
amusing to listen to then this dude's
pretty I mean there's this guy's pretty
much holding he's animated he's fired up
about his team losing yeah but there's
definitely I don't even know if he would
constitute a hooligan you know hooligans
over there
really they're terrifying yeah yeah big
groups and they're like breaking shit
yeah throwing Molotov cocktails and yeah
they're nuts man